okay you can see my fuel setup we're
gonna fire it up here send and receive
splayed out in different directions in
the tank run over my fuel pump do have
an emergency kill here pull the pump
then it goes wrong I can kill that
sucker real quick
pull it up Mabel it getting mega squirt
screens up and running pick a little
power here do it again that screens up
battery volts up switch does
as after he made
cherry bomb turbo - doesn't sound bad
like I think Excel Richard working the
right way you know cut temps we run in
here every 180 so I guess my fans
haven't kicked in yet but let's give it
willpower anyway
one Phaneuf
data from the corners hip-deep exhaust
gas with Gilligan here
kick in second BAM
nice be
second fan kicked into the thermostatic
radiator I think it's hot enough yet so
we'll leave
we're at about 14 and a half AFR looks
good to me
14 palladium
too bad here I'll say if I get a screen
we got here
by apartheid kick-out time for some
acceleration enrichment looks pretty
good I guess until after I let off does
it go up yellow turn pink on me
the second age from the right of the top
let off yes they're going to leave
for akp a vacuum
eighteen pounds
now says one
Negus work that's difference in the
sensors
stock center locations out in the
manifold
over here the corner
my sensor for the dyno is I'll trust
Magus work first another Tech Center
there
and that fan just kicked : the radiator
must be about hour and 50 okay there's a
little tip sent up here wired him
chillin always a good time
sauce weeks
they're rocking to go
thank you staying time he's stable looks
like your children a little bit makeup
away max I think my camp here's a little
loose on
anyway with that stuff
goal attempt at changed
we got about 50 pounds
there
well the 6:18
Vegas squirt set for nine to nineteen so
I gotta compress
yeah it's like kicking all the fans
dad lets the devil in sin here
there's one
I love burgers work